418 I'm a teapot
Floors 8 through 10 of the Catacombs were originally planned for release, but portions of it were later merged into Floor 7 and its Master Mode counterpart.
At one point, Feather Client was willing to pay $300 USD to add Skytils, a popular SkyBlock mod.
Grass is a plant with narrow leaves growing from the base. [...]\nGrasses are monocotyledon, herbaceous plants.
In Canada, Santa's postal code is H0H 0H0.
Guvf vf abg na vzcbegnag fragrapr.
Vs lbh qrpvcure guvf, lbh fubhyq yvfgra gb Mrgihr'f zhfvp.
Try to do something creative! It could be music, art, coding...\nYou won't know how much you like it until you try it, so give it a shot :)
At one point in Minecraft, there was a rare chance of Snow Golems naturally spawning.
W[h]yvest
RUMOUR. Open your ears; 9r"5j5&?OWTY Z0d
Make sure to drink water! You never know if you might be dehydrated.
People asking you to "test their mod" are likely trying to hack you.\nThe only ones you can trust are ones widely trusted by the community.
Have a great day!
You can sleep through a thunderstorm, even during the day.
Also try OneConfig!
Made by the community, for the community
OneClient had its first full release on Feburary 26th, 2026
OneClient v2 was fully released on July 18th 2026
Join our discord to stay up to date with OneClient. discord.gg/polyfrost
Join our discord to stay up to date with news, annoucements and everything else. discord.gg/polyfrost
Got a suggestion for something new and cool? Come chat about it in our discord. discord.gg/polyfrost
Water is important. Please drink it
Sleep is important. Please sleep
Polyfrost first started as W-OVERFLOW back in October 2021
Building cool and open source projects since October 2021
We have had 0 private repositories since January 15th, 2026, and we plan to keep it that way for the foreseeable future as part of our public pledge to Open Source Software
why-vest
Passionate creators redefining the modding community
Open Source, Forever
The cake is a lie
OneClient is the first launcher to be powered by Freya, a all-native Rust framework.
